Marvel's Spider-Man 2 is an upcoming action-adventure game developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. Based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man, it features a narrative inspired by the long-running comic book mythology while also deriving from various adaptations in other media. It is the third entry in the Marvel's Spider-Man series, acting as a sequel to Marvel's Spider-Man (2018) and a follow-up to Marvel's Spider-Man: Miles Morales (2020), with Peter Parker and Miles Morales struggling to navigate the next steps in their personal lives while combatting an assortment of villains. Among them including a private militia led by mercenary Kraven the Hunter, the monstrous Lizard, and the extraterrestrial Venom symbiote, which bonds itself to Parker and negatively influences him, threatening to destroy his personal relationships.

Gameplay builds on the foundation established by its predecessors, with an emphasis on the multiple playstyles afforded by Peter Parker and Miles Morales as their respective Spider-Men. The game expands on their existing traversal and combat abilities, including new web-based gadgets and suits that can be unlocked through progressing the story, as well as introducing the former Spider-Man's symbiote suit, granting Parker completely unique abilities from his previous playable appearance. As with the prior games, content outside the main story route consists of completing side-missions and obtaining collectibles dispersed throughout the game's open world sandbox, with the player able to switch between Parker and Morales to complete dedicated objectives for each of them.

Discussions regarding a proper sequel to Marvel's Spider-Man began during the game's development, with open story threads for future titles being teased across both it and Miles Morales. The game was officially announced in September 2021. Creative director Bryan Intihar, game director Ryan Smith, narrative lead Jon Paquette and art director Jacinda Chew from Insomniac Games respectively reprise their duties from prior entries, while Yuri Lowenthal, Nadji Jeter and Laura Bailey return to headline the game's ensemble voice cast, which comprises other returning actors and characters from the previous games. Jim Pirri and Tony Todd join the ensemble as the voices of Kraven and Venom, respectively.

Marvel's Spider-Man 2 is scheduled to release for the PlayStation 5 on October 20, 2023.